(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
I'm Peppa Pig. (SNORTS)
-This is my little
brother, George.
-(SNORTS)
-This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
-(SNORTS)
-(ALL LAUGHING)
Peppa Pig! (SNORTS)
(PEPPA READING)
NARRATOR:
It is the last morning
of Peppa's holiday in Italy.
I'm just going
for one last walk.
Whoa!
Going for one last swim,
Mr. Pig?
Uh, yes. One last swim
before I go home.
(SNORTS) I want to stay
on holiday forever.
Holidays are nice,
but they don't
last forever, Peppa.
Think of all your friends
waiting for you back home.
Yes. I miss my friends,
and I miss Goldie the fish.
-Can I telephone Goldie?
-OK, Peppa.
NARRATOR: Granny
and Grandpa Pig are looking
after Goldie the fish
while Peppa is on holiday.
-(PHONE RINGS)
-Hello?
Hello, Granny. How's Goldie?
(SNORTS)
Um, she's eating well.
I sent Goldie a postcard.
Does she like it?
The postcard hasn't
arrived yet, Peppa,
but I'm sure
it will be here soon.
Oh. We're coming home today.
See you later!
-See you later!
-(DOORBELL RINGS)
NARRATOR: Suzy Sheep has come
to play with Peppa.
-Hello, Suzy.
-Hello, Granny Pig.
Is Peppa back from holiday?
-Not yet, Suzy, but she's
coming back today.
-Oh.
NARRATOR: Suzy is
missing Peppa.
This suitcase is heavy.
Are you sure we need
all this stuff, Mummy Pig?
-These are important souvenirs
from our holiday.
-OK.
-Is everybody ready?
-OTHERS: Yes, Daddy Pig!
Then, let's go home!
-(HORN TOOTS)
-PIG FAMILY: Bye-bye!
BOTH: Ciao!
- Oh, look!
NARRATOR: Oh, dear.
Peppa has forgotten Teddy!
What a lovely holiday!
Yes, I have never
felt so relaxed.
(POLICE SIREN)
Ah... Hello, Officer.
Whatever I was doing,
I won't do it again. (SNORTS)
Mr. Pig, here is your teddy.
Please, take better care
of him.
Teddy! (GIGGLES)
We're going home today.
-(DOORBELL RINGS)
-NARRATOR: Suzy Sheep
cannot wait
for Peppa to get back home.
-Hello, Suzy.
-Is Peppa home yet?
No, Suzy,
but she's flying home now.
♪ Flying high in the sky ♪
♪ Flying high and high
and high ♪
(LAUGHTER)
I hope it's sunny
when we get home.
NARRATOR: Peppa's family
have arrived home.
(LAUGHTER)
Granny Pig! Grandpa Pig!
Goldie!
What has Grandpa
done to you? (SNORTS)
Um, she has filled out a bit,
hasn't she?
Naughty Grandpa!
You fed her too much!
She was always hungry.
(SNORTS)
We've brought you
some presents from Italy.
Look, Grandpa!
A beautiful garden gnome!
Oh...
You really shouldn't have.
Granny, has my
postcard arrived?
-No, Peppa. Not yet.
-Oh.
-(DOORBELL RINGS)
-That's my postcard!
-Hello!
-Oh, it's only Suzy.
I really missed you, Peppa.
(BLEATS)
I've missed you too, Suzy.
(SNORTS)
NARRATOR: Peppa and Suzy
are best friends.
-(FANFARE)
-(HORN HONKS)
Here is Mr. Zebra,
the postman.
A postcard,
all the way from Italy.
Ho-ho! We got here
quicker than the postcard!
Look, Goldie! I sent you this
postcard from our holiday.
Did you have a nice time
on holiday, Peppa?
Yes. Did you have a nice time?
It rained every day.
Oh, goody! That means
there'll be muddy puddles.
(GIGGLING)
(PEPPA SNORTS)
NARRATOR: Peppa and Suzy
love jumping up and down
in muddy puddles.
Holidays are nice,
but coming home
to muddy puddles
is even better!
-(SNORTS)
-(LAUGHTER)
(PEPPA READING)
NARRATOR: Mummy Pig
is fixing a big mirror
onto the bathroom wall.
-Lovely.
-(SNORTS)
NARRATOR: George thinks
there is another little piggy
in the bathroom.
MUMMY PIG: It's a mirror,
George.
Mirrors are shiny.
That's why you
can see yourself.
(BLOWS RASPBERRY)
(GIGGLES)
George, what are you doing?
George is looking at himself
in the big, shiny mirror.
(SNORTS) It is very shiny.
Come on, George,
let's find some more
shiny things.
(GIGGLES)
Daddy... (SNORTS)
we're looking for shiny things
to see ourselves in.
Have a look in a spoon.
BOTH: Ooh!
NARRATOR: Peppa and George
can see their faces
in the shiny spoons.
(GIGGLES) Our faces look funny.
DADDY PIG: Now, turn
the spoon around.
I'm upside-down.
And turn it round again.
Now I'm the right way up.
How does that work, Daddy?
It's simple, Peppa.
Concave surfaces
reflect light waves inversely
to their origin and...
-Is it magic?
-Uh, yes, it's magic.
(DOORBELL)
NARRATOR: Suzy Sheep has come
to play with Peppa.
-Hello, Peppa and George.
-Hello, Suzy.
Look at that.
-(BLEATS) It's a spoon.
-It's a shiny spoon.
Look. I can make you
go upside-down.
-(GIGGLES)
-Ooh!
How does that work?
It's magic.
My daddy says so.
Ah! Let's find some more magic,
shiny things in the garden.
(ALL LAUGH)
-(SNORTS)
-NARRATOR: George has found
a muddy puddle.
Ooh! It's shiny enough
to see our faces.
I can see the sky.
There's a cloud. (BLEATS)
NARRATOR: Here are Pedro Pony
and Danny Dog.
BOTH: Hello, everyone!
Did you drop something
in that puddle?
No, we're looking at the sky.
But the sky is in the sky.
PEPPA: (SNORTS)
Look at this spoon.
That's my face. It looks funny.
Whoa! Now I'm upside-down!
How does that work?
It's a funny,
magic mirror spoon.
(BLEATS)
Woof-woof! I know where there
are some big, funny mirrors.
-Really?
-Wobbly mirrors in a tent.
Where are these wobbly mirrors?
At the fair.
NARRATOR: The parents
have brought the children
to the fair.
Roll up! Roll up!
See my amazing wobbly mirrors!
(LAUGHTER)
NARRATOR: The tent is full
of big, wobbly mirrors.
Ooh! What's happened
to my body?
(GIGGLES AND SNORTS)
(LAUGHS)
You're a wobbly jelly.
(BLEATS)
Wobble, wobble, wobble!
(SNORTS)
How does it do that, Daddy?
It's very simple. Illusions of
optical differentials
by convex and concave surfaces
generate patterns of...
-So, it's magic?
-Uh, yes, it's magic.
Look at me! (GIGGLES)
I've gone all squishy.
(GIGGLES) Grr!
I've got a long neck,
like a giraffe. (GIGGLES)
This mirror looks normal to me.
(SNORTS)
Daddy, where's your
big tummy gone?
-What tummy?
-(LAUGHTER)
NARRATOR: It is Mummy Rabbit
with her baby twins,
Rosie and Robbie.
-Hello, sister.
How are you today?
-Very good, sister.
Mustn't chat for long, though.
I've got customers
inside the tent.
Aren't the mirrors amazing,
Daddy Pig?
Wow! I can see two of you.
What do you mean?
I can see you in the mirror,
but there's no mirror.
Is it magic?
Silly Daddy, it's Miss Rabbit
and Mummy Rabbit.
- Oh!
- I suppose we do look
a bit the same.
-Well...
-BOTH: We are sisters.
(ALL LAUGH)
-(PEPPA READING)
-(KIDS GIGGLING)
NARRATOR: Peppa's playgroup
are going on a trip
to the museum.
Oh, dear. Pedro Pony
is not here.
I bet he's still
in his pajamas.
(SNORES)
NARRATOR: Pedro is asleep
in his little bed.
Pedro likes sleeping.
Pedro, wake up!
You'll be late
for the school trip!
(YAWNS) OK, Mummy.
Come on, Pedro.
We don't want to
miss the bus.
(YAWNS)
NARRATOR: The bus is still
waiting for Pedro Pony.
We can't wait any longer.
The museum will be closed.
OK, let's go.
(TIRES SCREECH)
- Oh, there's no-one here.
- Maybe we're early.
No, Pedro,
we've missed the bus.
-Oh.
-Come on.
Let's catch them up!
(LAUGHTER)
(SNORTS) Pedro is always late.
-(HORN HONKS)
-Look, there's a car
chasing us!
(HONKING CONTINUES)
Oh, hello, Mrs. Pony!
Stop the bus!
Pedro is here!
Sorry, Madame Gazelle.
I overslept.
Oh, Pedro,
you do like sleeping.
(YAWNS) Yes, Madame Gazelle.
To the museum.
Nothing can stop us now.
Uh, Madame Gazelle?
-I need the toilet.
-And me!
-Me, too!
NARRATOR: This is
Granddad Dog's garage.
Woof-woof! What will it be?
Petrol or diesel?
-Toilet, please.
-(KIDS GIGGLING)
Are you sure
you wouldn't like any petrol?
No, we haven't gone
anywhere yet.
(LAUGHTER)
Right, next stop, the museum.
Um, where is Pedro?
Petrol pumps.
Interesting.
Oh, come along, Pedro!
Bye!
I hope we get to the museum
before it closes.
NARRATOR: Here is the museum.
Mr. Rabbit is locking up
for the day.
-(ENGINE STOPS)
-MADAME GAZELLE:
Hello, Mr. Rabbit.
We would like to
see the museum, please.
Hmm. We were just closing,
but I can give you a quick tour.
This is the King
and Queens room.
-Full of old stuff.
-KIDS: Ooh!
Hmm. Interesting.
Here are the giant dinosaurs.
-All very nice.
-KIDS: Aah!
Amazing.
-Space. Rockets and all that.
-KIDS: Wow!
And, through this door,
is the most amazing
place of all.
-It's the fantastic world
you live in.
-ALL: Oh.
-Thank you, Mr. Rabbit.
-My pleasure. Goodbye.
Right, time to go, children.
Where is Pedro?
Oh, Pedro!
A mollusk.
Very interesting.
Come on, Pedro,
or you'll miss the bus.
Where is everybody?
NARRATOR: The bus has gone.
Uh, don't worry.
Miss Rabbit will realize
she's left us behind.
♪ Bong-bing-boo! ♪
♪ Bing-bong-bing! ♪
♪ Bing-bong-
bingily-bongily-boo! ♪
-All together now!
-♪ Bong-bing-boo... ♪
NARRATOR: Nobody has noticed
Madame Gazelle and Pedro
are missing.
♪ Bing-bong-
bingily-bongily-boo! ♪
Oh, have you missed the bus?
Mr. Rabbit, I am a teacher.
I need your car.
Come on, Pedro.
We'll take a shortcut.
-Hello, ducks.
-(QUACKING)
NARRATOR: Madame Gazelle
and Pedro have arrived back
at the playgroup.
-Where is the bus?
-Maybe we're early.
Yes, Pedro, for once,
you are early!
Wow! Pedro is early!
Yes, and you're late.
You slow coaches! (GIGGLES)
NARRATOR: Pedro likes
being early.
-(LAUGHTER)
-Everybody likes being early.
(PEPPA READING)
NARRATOR: It is a lovely,
sunny day.
Peppa and George
are in the garden.
(SNORTS)
Daddy, we're a bit bored.
But there's lots to do
in the garden.
-Like what?
-Uh...
Sit in a garden chair,
read the paper
and watch the grass grow.
But those are things
for a daddy to do.
-Hello!
-Hello, Suzy.
-What are you doing?
-Nothing.
We're bored.
Me, too. That's why
I came to your house.
(ALL SIGH)
I've got an idea.
We've an old box
of garden games somewhere.
-What are garden games?
-I don't know.
Here we are.
(CHUCKLES) Juggling sticks.
Watch me juggle.
-Oh.
-Ho-ho!
They're not for juggling, Suzy.
They're skittles.
We set the skittles up here.
Then we have to
stand over here
and try and knock
the skittles over
by rolling this heavy ball.
Me first!
(GIGGLING)
Hooray!
NARRATOR: Peppa has
knocked over two skittles.
-My turn.
-It's very hard, Suzy.
You probably won't
be able to do it.
NARRATOR: Suzy has
knocked over all the skittles.
-Hooray!
-(DULLY) Oh. Well done.
Now it's George's turn.
Because George is little,
he can stand a bit closer.
Oh.
George is too little
to play skittles.
NARRATOR: George doesn't like
being the littlest one.
(CRYING)
Hmm. Let's play
bat and ball.
Peppa can throw the ball,
and George has to bat it.
(CHUCKLES)
But if anyone catches the ball,
George is out.
OK.
-Caught it!
-(BLEATS)
NARRATOR: George is out.
(CRYING)
George is a bit too little
even for bat and ball.
You just need a bit more
practice, George.
Watch me.
Wow!
(CLATTERING AND SHRIEKING)
Oops. I'll just get
the ball back.
Hello, Mummy Pig.
Uh, can we have
our ball back, please?
Yes, but please play
more carefully in future.
Yes, Mummy Pig.
Sorry, Mummy Pig.
-(BELL RINGING)
-NARRATOR: Here is Danny Dog.
Woof-woof! What are you doing?
We're playing bat and ball.
My daddy is very good at it.
He batted the ball
all the way into the house.
Wow! Can I play
bat and ball, too?
Er, maybe it's time for
a different garden game.
-Like what?
-Limbo!
-What's limbo when
it's at home?
-I'll show you.
I know. You jump over it.
It's much too high
to jump over.
(LAUGHS)
We go under the limbo pole,
and we need music to do it.
(STEEL BAND)
(LAUGHTER)
NARRATOR: Daddy Pig is
very good at limbo.
All: Wow!
Ah, but now we'll put the pole
a bit lower.
-(LAUGHTER)
-OK...
-Oh.
-Daddy, your tummy is too big
to go under the pole.
My tummy is not too big.
I just can't bend
like I used to.
(LAUGHTER)
-My turn!
-And me!
-(GEORGE SNORTS)
(LAUGHTER)
Well done, everyone.
Now we'll put the pole
even lower.
All: Ooh!
Easy, Daddy! (GIGGLES)
It's impossible.
Nobody can go under that.
(SNORTS AND GIGGLES)
Wow! George can do it!
ALL: Hooray!
- George is the best
at limbo dancing,
-because he is little.
-(SNORTS)
NARRATOR: George likes
playing garden games.
-Everyone likes
-(ALL LAUGHING)